Most functions are located in the global Simulator object,
internally referenced as Sim.

test.html is intended for testing the simulator, and includes all
scripts necessary to run it. Ultimately, the simulator will be
minified/concatenated as a single script, loaded as a webworker
(thus it must have no dependencies on the outside code).

The current files are:
  sim.js: core functionality
  heap.js: priority queue implementation (internal use in sim.js)
  stats.js: stats object (handles stat calculations)
  damage.js: handles damage calculations
  buffs.js: handles dynamic buffs
  cast.js: handles spell casting, cooldown/resource management
  wizard.js: defines wizard skills
  input.js: initializes the simulator with some stats for testing

Important note: since normal simulations involve a lot of randomness,
multiple runs might be required to get reliable results to compare different
setups. Normally it takes hundreds, or even thousands, of runs to get a good
average, which is probably going to take way too long with a Javascript
implementation. For this reason, the simulator seeks to eliminate all random
elements.

The target (basically, the monster pack) is modeled as a circular area
(with radius of Sim.target.radius) with several same-sized monsters distributed
uniformly inside the circle. The caster is located at a certain distance from
the center of the target, and all ground targeted spells are aimed at the center.

For every offensive ability, the number of hits is defined as the expected number
of targets in the impact area, which is found by solving equations and, in some
cases, numeric integration (see damage.js for details).

Effects that depend on random events, i.e. abilities that trigger on crits, can
take the number of targets hit and multiply it by the trigger chance (i.e. crit chance,
or proc coefficient) to calculate the number of procs.

Effects that can only have binary outcomes can either use thresholding (i.e. Nilfurs
Boast triggers if number of hits is less than or equal to 3), or use Sim.random
function (i.e. various chances to stun or freeze).

For target debuffs, the simulator does not track the buffs on individual monsters, instead
all effects are considered to affect all monsters at the same time, which should be good
enough most of the time. As a result, everything uses the same Buff system.

--[[ sim.js ]]--

Sim.extend(...)
  Clone/extend an object, similar to jQuery.extend

Sim.record(source, amount)
  Record damage done (raw implementation)

Sim.after(frames, func, data)
  Call `func' after `frames' frames.
  Returns the new event object.
  `func' will be called with `data' object as the only argument, which
  will have the following fields in addition to the initial ones:
    time: current simulation frame
    event: the event object

Sim.removeEvent(event)
  Cancels the event created by Sim.after()

Sim.register(event, func, data)
  Register a global event handler. The callback function will
  be called with an event object as the only argument, which
  will depend on the event type (as defined in Sim.trigger).
  In addition, it will have the following fields:
    time: current simulation time
    data: the `data' argument passed to Sim.register

Sim.unregister(event, func)
  Remove a global event handler

Sim.trigger(event, data)
  Trigger all global handlers for a given event type.
  All handlers will be called with `data' as the argument, with
  some additional fields added to it (see Sim.register).
  Returns an array of values returned by the handlers.

Sim.init(stats, target, params)
  Initializes the simulator with data from D3Planner core.
  stats: base stats object
  target: target information, an object with the following fields:
    elite: true/false
    distance: player distance from the center of the monster group
    radius: monster spread radius (max mob distance from the center)
    size: monster size
    count: number of monsters
    maxdr: maximum diminishing returns on CC (i.e. 70 for bosses)
    mincc: minimum duration of CC effects in seconds (i.e. 0.85
      for bosses)

Sim.run(iter)
  Runs the simulation for `iter' iterations.

Sim.random(id, chance)
  Pseudo random number generator. Returns true once the
  accumulated chance is high enough. Use when a binary outcome
  is required.

Sim.pushCastInfo(info)
Sim.popCastInfo()
Sim.castInfo()
  Internal functions used to track the current spell instance

--[[ stats.js ]]--

Sim.stats
  Holds the current stats. Do not modify these directly - use
  buffs instead.

  Most stats are in the object root.
  Legendary effects are stored as leg_lowercaseitemname, i.e.
  leg_nilfursboast (value 150..200).
  Set bonuses are stored as set_setname_#pc, i.e. set_talrasha_6pc.

triggers: event="updatestats", data = {stats: ...}
  Triggers when new stats are being calculated, after applying all buffs,
  just before the final calculations. Register handlers for buffs
  that depend on other stats (i.e. Cold Blooded)

--[[ damage.js ]]--

Sim.damage(options)
  Anything damage-related should use this function. Options is an object
  with the following fields:

  coeff: weapon damage coefficient
  factor: multiplicative factor (same function as coeff)
  dibs: extra additive buffs
  pet: true for pet mechanics (i.e. skill damage% separate from dibs)
    (also includes pet damage buffs from MoJ/Enforcer)
  chc: bonus crit chance
  chd: bonus crit damage
  nocrit: do not use crit factor
  weapon: which weapon to use (default - alternates)
    "mainhand", "offhand", "current"

  onhit: callback, called with the following arguments (passed as a single object):
    targets: total number of hits
    skill: skill id
    proc: proc coefficient
    damage: total damage per hit
    elem: element
    pet: true/false
    castInfo: spell cast instance

  elem: skill element - should be automatically set by castInfo
  skill: original skill id - should be automatically set by castInfo
  proc: proc coefficient - should be automatically set by castInfo for all
    outer Sim.damage calls. This means that when Sim.damage is called from
    inside the oncast/oninit handlers, or by using delayed events/buff events,
    the default skill proc table will be used, but it will not carry through
    to the onhit handler. Explicitly set this to 0 to override.
  delay: frames before the event is actually triggered
  count: number of casts/hits/whatever
  targets: same as count, but automatically limited by total # of targets
  distance: average distance from caster to the target (for Zei's)
    the default value should be good enough
  type: targeting type, determines additional targeting-related fields
        sets count/targets/delay/distance before firing the default handler
    "area": circular area
      self: true cast at the player instead of the target center
      origin: distance from the target center (default 0, or
        Sim.target.distance if self is true)
      range: aoe radius
      spread: random spread radius (think Meteor Shower)
      inner: minimum spread radius (used in AT: Death Blossom)
    "cone": cone in front of the caster
      range: cone range. Actually implemented as a circular area
        centered range/2 units in front of the cater, with radius range/2.
    "line": projectile/ray
      origin: distance from target center (default Sim.target.distance)
      radius: projectile/ray width
      angle: angle (in degrees) from target center (think Mirrorball)
      fan: spreads projectiles in a fan (sets `angle' attribute)
      range: maximum range
      pierce: true for piercing projectile/ray, false (default) to stop at
        the first target
      area: impact aoe (only if pierce=false)
      speed: projectile speed (yards/frame)
      cmod: target count modifier (i.e. -1 for secondary effects that do not
        hit the original target)
    "ball": slowball
      origin: distance from target center (default Sim.target.distance)
      radius: ball size
      range: maximum range
      speed: projectile speed (yards/frame)
      rate: frames per tick

--[[ buffs.js ]]--
All kinds of dots/channeling skills are implemented via buffs.
Status effects on enemies (i.e. chilled or frozen) use special handling.
Buffs with ID equal to the status type will ignore the `stats' argument,
so calling Sim.addBuff("frozen",null,60) means applying a freeze effect for
1 second. Crowd control reduction is applied automatically for effects subject
to it. If you need to apply stat-boosting buffs that are subject to CC reduction
(i.e. Frost Nova: Bone Chill), use a different ID and specify the status field
in params: Sim.addBuff("frostnova", {dmgtaken: 33}, {duration: 120, status: "frozen"}).

Sim.addBuff(id, stats, params)
  Generic function for adding buffs.
  Returns the buff id
  id: buff id (refreshes the previous buff, see params for more detauls)
    pass undefined/null to get a new unique id (in return value)
  stats: object containing stats to add, pass undefined/null for stat-less
    buffs (the majority of them).
  params: the buff options object
    duration: duration in frames (default - infinite)
    stacks: stacks to add (default - 1)
    maxstacks: max number of stacks (default - 1)
      Do not set this to very high if you have refresh=false
    refresh: default=true, indicating that new applications will refresh all
      stacks. In this mode, all stacks are tracked together and do not have
      any individual values.
      If set to false, all stacks will have individual expiration timers, and
      individual event handlers/tick rates etc.
    multiply: default=true, meaing that stats are multiplied by the number of
      stacks.
    status: status effect (i.e. chilled, frozen) to apply. See explanation above.
    tickrate: number of frames between ticks. Can be modified in the ontick handler
      (accessed via data.buff.params.tickrate). The last tick will not occur
      on the same frame when the buff expires.
    tickinitial: delay before the first tick (default=tickrate)
    data: object to be passed to handlers (if refresh=false, this is separate for
      every stack)
    ontick: called on every tick. If refresh=false, called for every tick of every
        stack. Arguments are the data object, with the following additional members:
      stacks: current # of stacks
      time: current simulation frame
      buff: the buff object (buff.params contains the params object)
      stack: the stack object (only if refresh=false)
    onapply: when the buff is applied for the first time (refresh=true), or when a new
      stack is added (refresh=false)
    onexpire: when the buff expires (refresh=true), or when a stack expires/is overwritten
      (refresh=false)
    onrefresh: when the buff is re-applied (refresh=true), or when a stack is overwritten
      (refresh=false, called before onexpire)

Sim.removeBuff(id[, stacks])
  Remove the entire buff, or some stacks

Sim.getBuff(id)
  Returns the number of stacks

Sim.getBuffDuration(id)
  Returns remaining buff duration (in frames), or duration of the first stack.

Sim.refreshBuff(id, duration)
  Refreshes buff duration (only if refresh=true)

--[[ cast.js ]]--

Sim.resources
  Contains current resource amounes (key = resource name, i.e. "ap" or "hatred")

Sim.addResource(amount, type)
  Add resource. type defaults to primary resource.

Sim.hasResource(amount, type)
  Check if we have sufficient resource (after factoring in RCR).
  type defaults to primary resource.

Sim.spendResource(amount, type)
  Spend resource, factoring in RCR.
  type defaults to primary resource.

Sim.buffNextCast(data)
  Applies an effect to the next spell cast (optionally filtered by element type).
  Possible fields of the data object:
    elem: element to filter by
    dibs: additional additive buffs
    factor: multiplicative factor
    percent: same as factor, but expressed as percentage
    chc: extra crit chance (percent)
    chd: extra crit damage (percent)
  For more advanced filtering, register an oncast event handler and return the data
  object for applicable skills.

Sim.canCast(id[, rune])
  Check if we can cast the specified skill. Checks cooldown/resources, and additional
  conditions (such as Archon buff for Archon abilities).
  Rune defaults to whatever is set in Sim.stats.skills.

Sim.cast(id[, rune])
  Cast a skill!
  Checks conditions before actually casting the skill, then considers one-time buffs
  specified with Sim.buffNextCast or oncast handlers.
  Rune defaults to whatever is set in Sim.stats.skills.
